Your Beatles is loaded.
Ha-ha.
Part of the deal is you
can never, ever say my name.
Ever.
What deal?
The deal she made to save you.
By the way, you can call me dad.
Lydia, you agreed to marry him?
I was desperate,
and it was my only option.
Lydia, what's going on here?
Wow.
Awkward.
You haven't made much
progress since our last session,
so I'm going to
suggest some drug therapy.
Don't be afraid to share.
When you're ready.
[GROANING]
[PANTING]
I always thought
your whole act was bullshit.
I never believed in
ghosts, spirits, or any of it.
What? All this time?
Why the hell do you want to get married?
Money!
I knew I could make more as your
husband than I could as your manager.
And I never had a dead fiancé.
I just went to that survivor's retreat so
that I could meet
weak women and exploit them.
And I hit the
codependent lottery when I met you.